The reason
I left was because I
had to go talk to Donna
to tell her that I
can't see her anymore
because there's
something I have to do.
-What?
-This.
Oh. my.
Something brought me
from the dirt today.
A presence most evil.
Although you know
me as a hardworking
publicist. I am. in
fact. Elias Woodstone.
an emissary for the Devil.
-No.
-When you signed the contract
to hire me. in exchange for
making your dreams come true.
I secured your soul for Satan.
What's important
for you is to relax
and enjoy what little time
you have left to live.
Look out!
Rats.
Thought I'd get him
on the first try.
Oh. well.
See you soon.
Sam? I'm afraid
to use the toaster.
I can't live like this.
I know Elias showed up
and revealed that he had tricked
Jay into selling his soul
and is now actively
trying to kill him.
but it was a lovely
book launch party.
It's true.
It'll be pretty bitchin' as
one of Jay's last memories.
How is Jay doing today.
Samantha... still on edge?
Yes. we're both on edge.
An emissary of the Devil is
trying to kill my husband
and drag him to hell. so
we're on high alert. okay?
It's DEFCON 5.
Oh. actually. DEFCON 1
is the most dangerous.
Not now. Pete.
Sam.
did the bubble wrap
I ordered arrive?
I'm gonna need you
to wrap me up. babe.
Poor Jay. An eternity in hell.
I know what that's like.
I once spent a
weekend in Boston.
Jay. I don't think
this is gonna cut it.
We need a better solution than
hockey pads and
some bubble wrap.
You're thinking I should put
on my stormtrooper armor.
Gah. wish I had mithril.
which. as you know.
protected Frodo from an orc's
spear at the mines of Moria.
Oh. I see.
he's intentionally trying
to shrivel your desire
for him in order to make
his upcoming absence
more bearable for you.
That's thoughtful.
I don't think the
answer is that we just
keep evading attempts
on your life.
We need to figure out how
to get you out of this deal.
How are Jay's fiddling skills?
Do people not get the reference?
"The Devil Went
Down to Georgia"?
It's a phenomenal song.
What are you talking about?
Oh. come on. "The Devil
went down to Georgia.
"he was looking for
a soul to steal.
"And he was in a bind
'cause he was way behind
and he was willing
to make a deal."
"When he came across a young man
"sawing on a fiddle
and playing it hot.
"So he hopped up
on a hickory stump.
and said. 'Boy. let
me tell you what.'"
What's going on? Are the
ghosts concerned for me?
Uh-huh.
♪ Fire on the mountain.
run. boys. run ♪
♪ Devil's in the house
of the risin' sun ♪
Are you tapping your toe?
Why are you tapping your toe?
It's just a nervous tic.
We're all nervous. Jay.
Thank you. guys.
-Hey!
-Yee-hah!
What's going on here?
Small man fixing ghost
trap in quixotic bid
to circumvent deal with Devil.
If you're wondering
about all the big words.
Sam got a word of
the day calendar
and Thor's been following along.
Thor never skip day.
Thor very ambidextrous.
He doesn't always nail it.
Jay. I was thinking.
maybe we should
start pureeing all
your food. you know.
cut down on choking hazards
while we're figuring out
this whole Elias thing. Wait.
What are you doing?
Well. you know. I was
thinking about what you said.
and I can't keep worrying
about Elias trying to kill me.
so I've come up with a plan.
And it is nuts.
I got in touch with Janis.
The Latvian ghost
trap repairman.
And he talked me through
how to fix the ghost trap.
If I live. we're having pierogis
with him and his mom next week.
-Cool.
-Anyways. the plan is
if Elias kills me. in
the few seconds I have
before he drags my soul to hell.
I'm just gonna
touch the ghost trap
and get sucked right on in.
So. in this scenario.
you're still dead.
but instead of going to hell.
you're just stuck in a
little box for eternity?
No. just until you
guys figure out a way
to extricate me from
the Devil's bargain.
Ask him about the tiny
furniture. It's crazy.
And the tiny doll furniture?
Well. I might be in there
for a while. and I thought
I might as well be comfortable.
It actually doesn't
cost much to live
a luxurious doll's life.
He's lost it.
And check this out.
Huh? You never let me
have one of those
in real big life.
I honestly can't tell
what he's rooting for.
Jay. I've just got
to be honest here.
this seems like a terrible plan.
Well. it's the one to beat.
Uh. Sam. Elias Woodstone is here
in demon form. and he
would like to talk to Jay.
Oh. no. Jay. Elias is here.
Okay.
Let's just hear
what he has to say.
Wait. wait.
Now I'm ready.
An eterna-cookie.
That's genius.
Hey. There's my
partner in crime.
If kissing were a
crime. which it's not.
Although arson is. and we did
almost burn this place down.
You're
damn right we did.
So. how are we planning
to tell everyone about us?
Oh. I'd like to
maximize jealousy.
and. ideally. it should
involve me singing.
Well. I mean. I know
it's not the same.
but when Carol
and I got engaged.
we announced it in the
Kiwanis newsletter.
There had been a float collision
at the Rhubarb Days Parade.
so most of the
other announcements
were pretty somber.
Oh. Well. maybe we
should just go downstairs
and tell everyone the good news.
We could.
Although. is it a
little insensitive
to put our happiness on display
with all Sam and Jay
are going through?
That's partly based
on some feedback I got
after the rhubarb tragedy.
Sure. I get that. it's just.
as far as everyone in
the house is concerned.
I professed my love to
you in front of everyone.
and then you immediately
fled the property.
Oh. boy. Yeah. I didn't
think about it that way.
Although. I mean. with all
this Jay stuff going on.
I-I doubt that's
on anyone's radar.
Yeah. I guess you're
right.
Leave the man alone. Alberta.
He's not interested.
I filled
her in on the whole
"day of humiliation" thing.
We're friends now. We walk.
Well. Carol. if you must know...
...I can't take a hint.
Can't blame a girl for trying.
Is there anyone for
her in the basement?
Creepy Dirk is newly single.
but he's pretty picky.
I'll do a temp check.
I'm here to talk about
the timeline of
your death. Wait.
What is that?
It's an air fryer.
I'm looking for healthier
ways to eat chicken nuggets.
Ah.
At last we come face to face.
hell spawn.
Who is this little freak?
Patience just came in
and is confronting Elias.
Seriously?
I knew I was right when I sensed
the Devil's presence
in this house.
And now
it is my destiny to smite thee.
Oh. damn. it's about to go down.
She says she's gonna
smite him. Jay.
Say goodbye. demon.
What's happening?
Is she shooting lasers
out of her eyes?
Are there flames?
Not exactly.
Smite! Smite! Smite!
Smite! Smite!
Smite!
Is this your whole plan?
Just to yell "smite?"
I mean. it does
leave one wanting.
Patience. have you
ever done this before?
Well. not exactly.
but I just assumed on
account of my holiness
and his wickedness...
Patience not need
to feel ashamed.
Very ambidextrous effort.
-It didn't work. Jay.
-Damn it.
I mean.
yay. my publicist is saved.
This doesn't make any sense.
Patience. Patience!
Now. where
were we? Ah. yes.
I am not here to kill you.
Okay.
Could be trick.
I often tell Dane. "Not
going to kill you."
but then I do kill.
-Very funny.
-I realized
it was unsporting of
me to take your soul
before I made good on
my end of the bargain.
I mean. you made a
deal with the Devil.
You should get
something in return.
So. in exchange for Jay's soul.
I promise to take him to
new heights of success.
to put him and his
restaurant on the map.
So how long. exactly.
do I have left to live?
Gosh. I mean.
a rise from obscurity to
the top of the culinary heap
could take decades.
Decades. Okay. I can
work with decades.
No. I was saying it
could take decades.
if I were a less
incredible publicist.
But I pulled some strings
and worked my connections
and I secured you
an appearance on...
Good Hang with Amy Poehler!
-Oh. that's actually a really big podcast.
-Wow.
-Yeah. -So what does this mean?
-It means
that I fulfilled
my end of the deal.
Oh. one more thing...
it tapes tomorrow.
After which you die.
So. make it
a good hang.
for it shall be your last hang.
I can't believe you
married this guy. Hetty.
I had two cousins
to choose from.
And the other one
had weird teeth.
Big ol' bag of
gorp. this is bad.
We got to come up with a
plan to save Jay's life.
And three clever anecdotes
for Jay to talk
about on the podcast.
We've all heard the pasta story.
-That's not gonna cut it.
-Okay.
here's what I'm thinking...
I fill a ziplock
bag full of water.
put it in the ghost trap.
and now little Jay has
-a waterbed.
-Wait a minute.
-The ghost trap.
-Yeah. sweetie.
-that's what it's called.
-No. I'm saying
what if we trick Elias
into going inside it
and hold him hostage until
he lets Jay out of the deal?
It's like what the cult did
to get that radio deejay
to read Bruce's
manifesto on air.
A good idea undermined
by a disturbing example.
The ghosts are saying we
should try to trap Elias
in the ghost trap.
Interesting.
Either he lets me
out of the deal
or we use the evisceration
function to destroy him.
But we can't trap a
demon in a ghost trap.
We need to get him
back to ghost form.
-Mm.
-Right. How are we gonna do that?
Jay?
The Good Hang folks want to know
what you'd like for lunch
in the green room tomorrow.
I don't know.
Big Dill Double Sonic
Smasher. I guess.
You're a chef. man.
What if I just refuse
to go to the podcast?
I-Is that some kind of loophole?
Sadly. it's not.
And. honestly. it's
just rude to Poehler.
who is lovely.
Speaking of lovely.
nice to see you again. Alberta.
Well. that must feel like
a nice shot in the arm
after the brutal public
rejection from Peter.
Still think you're a super lady.
Hey.
Elias seems like he's
really into Alberta.
Maybe we could use that to
lure him into ghost form.
-What do you mean?
-I'm just saying.
if Elias were made to think
he's got a shot
with Bertie here.
he'd have to turn into
a ghost to make a move.
You're suggesting a
classic Hoboken Honeypot?
And before anything happens.
we make him come into
contact with the ghost trap
and. boom... in he goes.
Sounds exciting. I'm in.
Oh. Bertie's about
to get flirty.
The ghosts
are suggesting we have
Alberta hit on Elias
to get him back into ghost form.
Interesting.
And her confidence isn't shot
from that whole Pete debacle?
Forget it. Send
this man to hell.
She can do it. Jay.
-I certainly believe in her.
-Shut up. Pete.
Well. I come
to bid thee farewell.
Following my failed smiting.
I am returning to the dirt.
where I shall live
out eternity in shame.
Okay.
-Bye.
-Nice seeing you.
-Ah.
-Wait. wait. Patience.
Are you okay?
I don't know.
For centuries. I've wondered
why God hath abandoned me
to this purgatory.
And then Elias came
and it all made sense.
I was kept here to
defeat the Devil.
I think I'm here
to entertain others
with my stories.
Have I ever told you about the
time I found a weird apple?
It just
doth make no sense.
A good and pure soul should
be able to vanquish evil.
Well. maybe...
and don't take this
the wrong way...
it's possible that your soul...
isn't so pure.
-Patience?
-Is true.
Patience spend much
time saying others bad
but not much time...
doing good.
Oh. so you're saying
Patience talketh the talk
but don't walketh the walk.
Yeseth.
Patience know what she need do.
Patience.
Now back to the apple story.
It was a red.
but it was a weird red.
No. he doesn't want
something better.
He wants Sonic.
A man who goes
after what he wants.
I wonder if there's anything
else he has his eyes on.
Excuse me?
It's just...
we don't get a lot of handsome
strangers around here.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Is it hot in here?
I'm not the best judge.
My condo is in the
fiery pits of hell.
Ooh. a homeowner.
Oh.
that's right.
When you're a demon.
I can't touch you.
Oh.
There's an easy fix for that.
Hello.
Oh. my.
So you
in ghost form now?
Indeed.
I believe you were about
to touch something.
No.
You're about to touch something.
He's in. Jay.
What's going on?
You're in a ghost trap. Elias.
And I just hit the
evisceration button.
You have five minutes to
release me from our deal
or you're toast.
Now I'm gonna wait for
you to say something
-and have Sam tell me what you said.
-Mm-hmm.
Why is
everyone screaming?
Who is that?
Who are you?
-Oh. no.
-Uh. Jay.
I think we have a problem.
It seems as if Carol is
also in the ghost trap.
Aw. crap.
Carol. what are
you doing in there?
Well. I
was in the kitchen
sniffing baked goods.
and Jay walked in with
this strange little box.
I tried to poke my head
in to see what was inside.
Next thing you know. I'm
in this weird little room.
Carol. I was holding
the ghost trap for
the last 20 minutes.
Why didn't you yell for help?
I must have fallen asleep.
There's this really
comfortable chair in here.
-Oh. -BarcaLounger.
-Great.
She would have been rescued.
but she fell asleep
in your doll chair.
So I would have
been comfortable.
Oh. this is rich.
You thought you had me.
Threatening to eviscerate me
unless I release Jay's soul.
But you can't destroy me
unless you destroy
your precious Carol.
-I don't know about "precious."
-Three minutes
-until evisceration.
-Oh!
Can we stop the clock?
Maybe we can just hold
them hostage for a while.
The only way to stop the
countdown is to let them out.
Or let them both. you
know... poof.
--Hetty.
-I am just talking it out.
I mean. it would save Jay.
And it's Elias. And Carol.
Uh. if we had to choose two
ghosts to be eviscerated.
would we be anywhere
different right now?
-Really? Hmm?
-All right.
so Carol's not quite
the bargaining chip
I thought I'd lucked into.
But we all know you don't
have it in you to eviscerate
-an innocent ghost.
-"Innocent"
is strong. She cuckolded Pete
for years with his best friend.
And then she lied to
him about his entire career.
leaving him to believe he
was a legitimate travel agent
when he was actually an
unwitting front for the mob.
Some of those trips
were real. Although.
some. in retrospect. appear
to have been assassinations.
You can also just kind of
tell she voted for Nixon.
When you put it all together.
she is kind of a bad person.
Jay. the ghosts
are sort of implying
that maybe it's okay
if we sacrifice Carol.
Not all the ghosts.
Look. I know Carol
is far from perfect.
but. deep down...
way. way down...
I know there's good inside her.
I don't want to
go to hell. but...
I signed that deal.
I can't do that
to somebody else.
Even Carol.
-Oh!
-Oh...
You tricked me. Jay.
Not cool!
He went back down.
Okay. so...
maybe the danger's passed?
Yes. I'm sure that's it.
Jay's life ends now.
Elias. please. just...
Silence!
Oh. my God!
-He's got the Force.
-Oh. my God.
was that the Force? Not
important right now.
but did Pete say
something about the Force?
-Yes. Jay.
-My man.
Look out!
Is Jay making
-lightsaber sounds?
-It helps him focus.
He's practiced
this in the mirror.
You're ready. Jay.
You've got this!
Your soul
will soon be mine. Jay.
and. with it. my promotion
from vice president to
senior vice president.
With shared assistant.
Aah!
Just stop. Elias!
Say goodbye. Samantha.
Wait!
Would you accept another soul
in his stead?
What happened. babe? Why'd
he stop trying to kill me?
I think Patience is
volunteering to take your spot?
-No way.
-It's about time
Patience walketh the walk.
Cool.
Let's make it official.
Oh. wow.
Wow. you can really
feel the heat.
Um. it's...
-it's pretty toasty.
-Patience.
I'm so touched.
Yeah. I'm out.
This is just beyond
generous of you.
Seriously. I don't know
-how I'm ever gonna repay...
-Jay. she bailed.
Damn it.
That feral little dirtball.
All right. Jay.
Time to die.
I'm scared. Sam.
I'm sorry I signed
that contract.
I give you my
blessing to remarry
after a respectful seven years.
As long as it's not to Kyle.
I hate Kyle.
I love you. Sam.
I love you. Jay.
Not as much as I do.
Elias. take me instead.
-Pete. no. -Peter!
-No.
Jay's my best friend.
He's got his whole life to live.
Oh...
Works for me.
--Oh my God!
-Carol.
-what did you just do?
-Something I should have done
a long time ago...
done right by you.
Carol just sacrificed herself
to save Pete. who
also stepped up.
Oh. my God.
All right. I haven't had
one since high school.
but I need a cigarette.
Carol. you didn't
have to do this.
You weren't a bad person.
We were just...
different.
Like donuts and donut holes.
-How do you mean?
-You know.
'cause they come from
different machines.
But it's all donut material.
No. I don't think so.
Okay.
Time to go.
Ta-ta.
Jay. you are officially free.
I was going to do it.
Uh. some could say I sort
of got the ball rolling.
Well. this is new.
No. no. no. no!
What's happening?
She was going down. but now
she's getting sucked off.
This is incredible.
Bye. Pete!
Bye. everyone!
Tell Baxter I'll wait for him.
Yeah. right.
Thank you. Carol!
Her sacrifice
must have been enough to
cancel out going down.
-Amazing. -Hmm!
-Wow.
this must suck for you.
You were so close.
Patience.
New recliner. I love it.
This is the nicest thing
anyone's ever done for me.
Multiple ghosts just offered
to go to hell for you. sir.
Well. you had a tough week.
I thought you deserved
some relaxation.
I'm so glad I didn't lose you.
I'm glad
Jay didn't go to hell.
but I'll miss Isaac.
I'm right here.
Okay. well. if you're Isaac.
then who's Doug?
There is no Doug.
We lost Doug?
No!
Doug!
It's all right.
Everyone. we have
an announcement.
Now that the danger has passed.
uh. we'd like to let
you all know that...
Pete and I finally
smooched last week.
Oh! Sick!
It's just like the doll version.
That is amazing.
-It is amazing.
-No.
I'm talking to Pete and
Alberta. Apparently they kissed
-last week.
-L-Let me get this straight...
you kissed Peter and then
he immediately
volunteered to go to hell?
No. that's not...
The two are
unconnected.
I don't like this narrative.
Ooh!
Real big life
is fixing to be A-OK.
Captioning sponsored by CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by Media Access
Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org